good morning everyone and welcome to
another Japanese castle
another wasabicars video so here we are
what we have here is a mission president
I'm sort of guessing it to be a mid 80s
mid to late 80s
listen president took me a while to
figure it out because there are no
badges on the car all been removed there
would have been one on the front grille
right about there that would say v8e v8
engine also there would have been badges
and the front fender but that's not
there either so we're looking wheels
yeah not quite corporates but anyway yes
it this car is a top of the line to
listen the competitor would have been
the Toyota century anyway
love the style I love these creases
along the body there I work really good
okay I'm interior of course it's um it's
a high level of luxury this car yeah so
um everything you'd expect is there
electric everything lots of controls in
the rear you can see the armrest
for the rear seats well you cannot
really see you the buttons for um aircon
and radio and all that sort of stuff in
the bet in the back so yeah it's got a
vinyl roof and again some great-looking
style great creases in the bodywork love
that nice
we're the design of the car sort of gets
let down in my opinion is the rear
taillights this looks a bit dopey no no
I
anyway there you go guys it's three okay
well there you go guys that is a mid to
late 80s mid to late eighties listen
president thank you